

This a model from the article:  
**An integrated model for glucose and insulin regulation in healthy volunteers and type 2 diabetic patients following intravenous glucose provocations.**   
Silber HE, Jauslin PM, Frey N, Gieschke R, Simonsson US, Karlsson MO. _J Clin
Pharmacol._ 2007 Sep;47(9):1159-71.
[17766701](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/17766701) ,  
**Abstract:**   
An integrated model for the regulation of glucose and insulin concentrations
following intravenous glucose provocations in healthy volunteers and type 2
diabetic patients was developed. Data from 72 individuals were included. Total
glucose, labeled glucose, and insulin concentrations were determined.
Simultaneous analysis of all data by nonlinear mixed effect modeling was
performed in NONMEM. Integrated models for glucose, labeled glucose, and
insulin were developed. Control mechanisms for regulation of glucose
production, insulin secretion, and glucose uptake were incorporated.
Physiologically relevant differences between healthy volunteers and patients
were identified in the regulation of glucose production, elimination rate of
glucose, and secretion of insulin. The model was able to describe the insulin
and glucose profiles well and also showed a good ability to simulate data. The
features of the present model are likely to be of interest for analysis of
data collected in antidiabetic drug development and for optimization of study
design.

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models (http://www.ebi.ac.uk/biomodels/). It is copyright (c)
2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Nov√®re N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

